Hiring:

10 attempts to hire resources (devs, testers, project managers, devops)
50% chance of success
Player gets to pick names
On failure (Bad interview, turned out to be a serial killer, etc)
Start with however many you manage to hire
Each resource has some stat that contributes to how many story points you can spend a sprint
If you don't have at least one of each type of team member, you get half the story points per sprint
Start with random morale

Random Events:

Bonus Day! (Morale increases)
Resaource is hit by bus
Resource dies of dysentry
Resource is murdered by Gokhan/Nick
Innovation Day! (Gain morale)
Blamestorming session (Lose morale)
Important customer visit on the day of your epic Nerf gun tournament (resource fired)
Technical Debt overload! (Lose morale)
Tissue paper in the urinals?! (Lose morale)
Product is released (Gain morale)
Positive customer feedback (Gain story points and morale)
Negative customer feedback (Gain story points, Lose morale)
New product idea (Gain story point and morale)
Karaoke! (Gain morale)
A horrifying multithreading issue appears (Lose story points and morale)
A blocker appears (Lose story points)
You achieved full automated test coverage (Gain story points)
Hipchat goes down (Lose morale)
Network failure (Lose story points)
Meeting overruns by 3 hours (Lose morale)
Team member is ill (Lose story points)
Team member goes on holiday (Lose story points, Gain morale)
Your company makes a huge sale (Gain morale)
You create a break out area (Gain morale)

Random choice events:

What are we here to do?:
1. Fuck spiders (Lose story points)
2. Something else (Gain story points)
Retrospective time! Actions:
1. You start estimating in hours! (Lose story points)
2. Get your ducks in a row (Gain story points)
3. Drink the Kool-Aid (Lose morale)
Backlog Grooming time! Actions:
1. Estimate points (Gain story points)
2. Coffee card! (Gain morale)
3. Bio Break? (No effect)
Time for a change up! Do you:
1. Touch base to productise your efficiencies (No effect)
2. Implement change management going forward (No effect)
3. Paradigm shift by opening the kimono (No effect)
Who touched base in my thought shower?:
1. ??? (No effect)
2. ?!?! (No effect)
Company values go!:
1. Ingenuity (Gain story points)
2. Simplicity (No effect)
3. Quality (Gain morale)
Air con is busted! Do you:
1. Send everyone home (Lose story points)
2. Do nothing (Lose morale)
All the meeting rooms are booked! Do you:
1. Reorganise for next week (Lose story points)
2. Have the meeting in the pub (No effect)
The customer wants a new feature right now! Do you:
1. Get it done ASAP (Lose morale)
2. Push back (Lose story points)
The team gets some extra budget! Do you:
1. Try to hire a new resource? (50% chance to get a random resource)
2. Outsource an old project (Gain story points)
3. Buy a coffee machine (Gain morale)
The team has their budget cut! Do you:
1. Fire a resource
2. Lower salary (Lose morale)

Low Morale events:

Resource leaves
Low motivation (Lose story points)

Sprint planning:

Spend story points to do work (More resources = more story points per sprint)
Work includes features, bugs and technical debt
Technical debt doesn't get you points, but it increases morale


Game ends after a certain number of sprints (6?)
Random number of events per sprint
Score is based on how much work you get done and the team morale
If you get below a certain score, the company goes bankrupt